#
# A simple, old format, mime.types file
#
text/html		html htm HTML HTM
text/plain		txt text TXT TEXT
text/css                css CSS
text/xml                xml xsl
image/gif		gif GIF
image/ief		ief
image/jpeg		jpeg jpg jpe JPG
image/tiff		tiff tif
image/png		png PNG
image/x-xwindowdump	xwd
application/postscript	ai eps ps
application/rtf		rtf
application/x-tex	tex
application/x-texinfo	texinfo texi
application/x-troff	t tr roff
application/x-javascript js json
audio/basic		au
audio/midi		midi mid
audio/x-aifc		aifc
audio/x-aiff            aif aiff
audio/x-flac	flac
audio/x-mpeg		mpeg mpg
audio/x-wav             wav
audio/mpeg              mp3
video/mpeg		mpeg mpg mpe
video/quicktime		qt mov
video/x-msvideo		avi
video/mp4               mp4
video/webm              webm
video/x-matroska        mkv